madjoe line is proud to introduce our
latest patent-pending technology the
quick-draw single action latch system
what makes the quick-draw system so
unique is its dual independent latched
mechanisms positioned one at each end of
the drawer yet not sacrificing any
drawer space and because each latch
works independently you're ensured of
the most secure drawer closure making
quick-draw ideal for mobile applications
or in stationary environments you simply
lift anywhere along the handle to
effortlessly release the secured latch
it's so easy you can do it with just one
finger great when your hands are full
plus quick draw technology is whisper
quiet what's more you'll find the
quick-draw single action latch system on
almost all of your favored module line
products drawer cabinets and tool chest
mobile toolboxes parts bins cabinets
aluminum desks file cabinets recycling
waste bins and since there is no
sacrificing drawer space you'll even
find quick-draw and drawers with our
optional aluminum dividers quick-draw
drawers even work with monta lines
locking cabinet option for applications
with security is important majah line
has been providing high quality aluminum
cabinet solutions to garage enthusiasts
and professionals for over 25 years and
our quick-draw single action latch
system is just the latest in a long list
of innovative features when you combine
so many customizable options with the
power and flexibility of modularity
there's no doubt that with modulite
cabinets for your garage everything has
its place which leaves you room to get
things done learn more about the
quick-draw single action latch system
and how you
build your own cabinet system or choose
from a pre-configured combination plus
all the other options and accessories
available with moduli call one of our
cabinet experts today at one eight eight
eight three four three forty four sixty
three or visit us online at moduli n--
cabinets comm